Learn code spring syntax cleaning: DAGs. (#1914)
astronomer/docs: learn/dag-best-practices.md

  <meta name="og:description" content="Keep up to date with the best practices for developing efficient, secure, and scalable DAGs using Airflow. Learn about DAG design and data orchestration." />
</head>

> import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';

Reviewer: Since we're switching to tabs in this PR - do you think it would be better to present the "good/bad" examples in this guide in tabs as opposed to one following the other? Seems to me like that might be cleaner.

Author: Looks a lot better :)

Airflow executes all code in the `dags_folder` on every `min_file_process_interval`, which defaults to 30 seconds. You can read more about this parameter in the [Airflow docs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#min-file-process-interval)). Because of this, top-level code that makes requests to external systems, like an API or a database, or makes function calls outside of your tasks can cause performance issues since these requests and connections are being made every 30 seconds rather than only when the DAG is scheduled to run. 

The following DAG example dynamically generates tasks using the PostgresOperator based on records pulled from a different database. 

In the **Bad practice** example the connection to the other database is made outside of an operator instantiation as top-level code. When the scheduler parses this DAG, it will use the `hook` and `result` variables to query the `grocery_list` table. This query is run on every Scheduler heartbeat, which can cause performance issues. 

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The version shown under the **Good practice** DAG wraps the connection to the database into its own task, the `get_list_of_results` task. Now the connection is only made at when the DAG actually runs, preventing performance issues.

<Tabs
    defaultValue="bad-practice"
    groupId= "top-level-code-example"
    values={[
        {label: 'Bad practice', value: 'bad-practice'},
        {label: 'Good practice', value: 'good-practice'},
    ]}>

<TabItem value="bad-practice">

<CodeBlock language="python">{bad_practices_dag_1}</CodeBlock>

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="good-practice">

<CodeBlock language="python">{good_practices_dag_1}</CodeBlock>

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Treat your DAG file like a config file

Including code that isn't part of your DAG or operator instantiations in your DAG file makes the DAG harder to read, maintain, and update. When possible, leave all of the heavy lifting to the hooks and operators that you instantiate within the file. If your DAGs need to access additional code such as a SQL script or a Python function, consider keeping that code in a separate file that can be read into a DAG run.

> The following example DAGs demonstrate the difference between providing a SQL query directly to the PostgresOperator as shown in the tab **Bad practice** and referencing a separate SQL file under the tab **Good practice**. In the good practice DAG, the DAG-level configuration includes `template_searchpath` and the PostgresOperator specifies a `covid_state_query.sql` file that contains the same query as was directly provided to the PostgresOperator in the bad practice DAG.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example DAGs demonstrate the difference between the bad and good practices of including code in your DAGs. In the **Bad practice** DAG, a SQL query is provided directly to the PostgresOpertator, which unnecessarily exposes code in your DAG. In the **Good practice** DAG, the DAG-level configuration includes `template_searchpath` and the PostgresOperator specifies a `covid_state_query.sql` file that contains the query to execute. 
```
